Q1 What is the basic syntax of a user defined function?
A  The basic syntax of a user defined function is:

   function function_name() {
       Statement(s);
   }

Q2 What naming rules must your own functions abide by?
A  The naming rules for functions is the same as the naming rules
   for variables:

   o The variable name is preceded with a dollar sign
   o Variable names must begin with either a letter, or underscore
   o Variable names cannot begin with a number
   o Rest of the variable name can contain any combination of letters,
     underscores, and numbers
   o Variables names cannot contain a space
   o Each variable name must be unique
   o Variable names are case-sensitive

   with the following differences:

   1. Function names are not preceded with a dollar sign
   2. Function names are not case-sensitive

   The names of any user defined functions must be different than those
   in the standard php set of functions.

Q3 What naming rules must function arguments abide by?
A  The naming rules for function arguments is the same as the
   naming rules for php variables.

Q4 How do you provide a default value for a function’s argument?
A  A default value of a functions argument is specified in the
   definition of the function.

   For example:

   function runme($arg="Default_Value") {
       Statement(s);
   }

Q5 In the example code in the “Understanding Variable Scope” section of
   the chapter, why does the code use \$n? What would happen if that
   backslash wasn’t there?
A  The code precedes the dollar sign with a backslash to escape the
   dollar sign and cause the print statement to print the sequence
   "$n".

   If the backslash was not there, the sequence $n would be replaced with
   the value of the variable named "n".

   For example, given the following statements:

   $n = 1;
   print "The value of $n is $n";
   print "The value of \$n is $n";

   the output of the first print statment would be:

   The value of 1 is 1

   while the output of the second print statement would be:

   The value of $n is 1

Q6 What is variable scope? What scope does a function argument variable
   have?
A  Variable scope is the realm in which a variable is available. There
   are two realms of variable scope:

   o local scope - applies to function arguments and variables defined
     within a function without the "global" keyword
   o global scope - applies to variables defined outside functions

   A function argument variable has local scope and is only available
   within the function where it is specified.

Q7 What scope does a variable in an included file have?
A If the file is included outside of a function, the variable will have
  global scope.

  If the file file is included inside a function, the variable will behave
  as though it has been defined inside the function.

  It will have local scope unless it is preceded by the "global" keyword
  and the variable is defined outside the function.
